About the Authors
=================

[**Richa Namballa**]() is a researcher in the Centre for Informatics and Systems of 
the University of Coimbra (CISUC). His research interests include the analysis of rhythm 
in musical audio signals, evaluation methodology, creative music applications, and 
reproducible research. He has published over 70 refereed conference and journal 
articles, with over 2300 citations and an h-index of 27. His most recent research has 
addressed compact deep neural networks for the analysis of rhythmic structure, and 
computational ethnomusicology. From 2014-2019, Matthew coordinated the SMC group at 
INESC TEC, and was an Invited Assistant Professor in the University of Porto. 

<!-- <a href="https://mepdavies.github.io" target="_blank">website</a> -->

[**Giovana Morais**]() is a researcher in the Centre for Informatics and Systems of 
the University of Coimbra (CISUC). His research interests include the analysis of rhythm 
in musical audio signals, evaluation methodology, creative music applications, and 
reproducible research. He has published over 70 refereed conference and journal 
articles, with over 2300 citations and an h-index of 27. His most recent research has 
addressed compact deep neural networks for the analysis of rhythmic structure, and 
computational ethnomusicology. From 2014-2019, Matthew coordinated the SMC group at 
INESC TEC, and was an Invited Assistant Professor in the University of Porto. 

<!-- <a href="https://mepdavies.github.io" target="_blank">website</a> -->

[**Martin Rocamora**](https://rocamora.uy) is a Tenure-track Professor at the Music Technology Group (MTG) of the Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Spain. Before that, he was Senior Researcher at the MTG from July 2023 to September 2024. He has been Assistant Professor in Signal Processing at Universidad de la República (UDELAR), Uruguay, since 2013. He holds B.Sc, M.Sc., and D.Sc. degrees in Electrical Engineering from the School of Engineering, UDELAR. He was Teaching Assistant in Music Technology at the School of Music, UDELAR. His research focuses on applying machine learning and signal processing to audio signals, with applications in machine listening, music information retrieval, and computational musicology.

<!-- <a href="https://rocamora.uy" target="_blank">website</a> -->

[**Lucas Maia**]() is a researcher in the Centre for Informatics and Systems of 
the University of Coimbra (CISUC). His research interests include the analysis of rhythm 
in musical audio signals, evaluation methodology, creative music applications, and 
reproducible research. He has published over 70 refereed conference and journal 
articles, with over 2300 citations and an h-index of 27. His most recent research has 
addressed compact deep neural networks for the analysis of rhythmic structure, and 
computational ethnomusicology. From 2014-2019, Matthew coordinated the SMC group at 
INESC TEC, and was an Invited Assistant Professor in the University of Porto. 

<!-- <a href="https://mepdavies.github.io" target="_blank">website</a> -->

[**Xavier Juanola**](https:/xavijuanola.github.io) is a PhD student in the Intelligent Multimodal Vision Analysis (IMVA) group of the Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Spain since 2022. He holds B.Sc in Theoretical Physics (Astrophysics and Cosmology) from the University of Barcelona (UB), M.Sc. in High Energy Physics, Astrophysics and Cosmology from the Autonomous University of Barcelona (UAB) and M.Sc. in Intelligent Interactive Systems from Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF). His research focuses on applying deep learning and signal processing to both video and audio signals, with applications in machine listening and visual sound source localization.

<!-- <a href="https:/xavijuanola.github.io" target="_blank">website</a> -->

[**Magdalena Fuentes**](https://magdalenafuentes.github.io) is a Provost's Postdoctoral Fellow at the Music and Audio Research 
Lab and the Center for Urban Science and Progress of New York University NYU working 
with Juan Pablo Bello. She did her Ph.D. at Université Paris Saclay on multi-scale 
computational rhythm analysis, with focus on the interaction of microtiming, beats, 
downbeats and music structure. Before that, she obtained a B.Eng. in Electrical 
Engineering at Universidad de la República, Uruguay, where she also worked as a research 
and teaching assistant at the Engineering School and the Music School. Her research 
interests include Machine Listening,  Self-Supervised Representation Learning, 
Computational Rhythm Analysis and Environmental Sound Analysis. Magdalena is part of the 
IEEE Audio and Acoustic Signal Processing Technical Committee and has been involved in 
the organisation of ISMIR, DCASE and computational rhythm workshops, and she has 
participated as a mentor in WiMIR and multiple programs at NYU. 

<!-- <a href="https://magdalenafuentes.github.io" target="_blank">website</a> -->

